Add template for PRs. (#270)
Deltares/Ribasim: docs/pull_request_template.md

Solves issue #?

# Description

---
text below is for instruction and can be removed

# New node types

> Typically new node-types require an update of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically new node types require an update of:
```

- `core\src\create.jl`
- `core\src\validation.jl`
- `core\src\solve.jl`

Updating other jl-files may depend on needs

## ribasim_python

> - `newnodetype.py` with associated implementation in `python\ribasim\ribasim`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `new_node_type.py` with associated implementation in `python\ribasim\ribasim`.
```
For consistency with `addnode.qmd`.

- add/update nodetype to `python\ribasim\ribasim\model.py`
- add/update nodetype to `python\ribasim\tests\conftest.py`
- add/update nodetype to `python\ribasim_api\tests\conftest.py`

## documentation

- update `docs\core\equations.qmd`
- update `docs\core\usage.qmd`

> - update `docs\python\examples.ipynb`

Reviewer: I would say there is a limit to which every new feature is crammed into the same example model. E.g. the current example model could be explicitly for all node types, and we start a new example model in a new notebook for control.

- update `docs\schema*.json` by running `julia --project=docs docs/gen_schema.jl` and `datamodel-codegen --use-title-as-name --input docs/schema/root.schema.json --output python/ribasim/ribasim/models.py`

> 

Reviewer: - update `docs\contribute` if something changes there, e.g. something changes in how a new node type must be defined.
